https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14388 (#7071)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc

| `spec.customMessage`
| Optional

> | Based on the current compliance, use this section to configure the compliance messages sent by the configuration policy to use one of the specified Go templates. You can use the default message from the `.DefaultMessage` parameter and `.Policy` object variable of the current state of the policy from the configuration policy controller. The state of each related object is available in the following parameter section of the configuration policy controller:

Author: ```suggestion
a| Based on the current compliance, use this section to configure the compliance messages sent by the configuration policy to use one of the specified Go templates. You can use the default message from the `.DefaultMessage` parameter and `.Policy` object variable of the current state of the policy from the configuration policy controller. The state of each related object is available in the following parameter section of the configuration policy controller:
```

> a| Based on the current compliance, use this section to configure the compliance messages sent by the configuration policy to use one of the specified Go templates. You can use the default message from the `.DefaultMessage` parameter and `.Policy` object variable of the current state of the policy from the configuration policy controller. The state of each related object is available in the following parameter section of the configuration policy controller:

Reviewer: Minor change to make it more user focus. Also, I'm not sure what the `a` is for. If it's a like an `a, b, c` kind of table, we typically use `1, 2, 3` instead. 

```suggestion
a| Based on the current compliance, use this section to configure the compliance messages sent by the configuration policy to use one of the specified Go templates. You can use the default message from the `.DefaultMessage` parameter and `.Policy` object variable of the current state of the policy from the configuration policy controller. See the state of each related object in the following parameter section of the configuration policy controller:
```

Author: The "a" is used for table formatting. This way I am able to have a command in the cell: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/tables/format-column-content/

[source,yaml]
----
.Policy.status.relatedObjects[*].object

> ----  

Author: Made this update because the format appeared bold in GitHub preview

| Required
| Specifies the severity when the policy is non-compliant. Use the following parameter values: `low`, `medium`, `high`, or `critical`.

| `spec.evaluationInterval`
| Optional
| Specifies the frequency for a policy to be evaluated when it is in a particular compliance state. Use the parameters `compliant` and `noncompliant`. The default value for the `compliant` and `noncompliant` parameters is `watch` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. 

When managed clusters have low resources, the evaluation interval can be set to long polling intervals to reduce CPU and memory usage on the Kubernetes API and policy controller. These are in the format of durations. For example, `1h25m3s` represents 1 hour, 25 minutes, and 3 seconds. These can also be set to `never` to avoid evaluating the policy after it is in a particular compliance state. 

| `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant`
| Optional

> | Specifies the evaluation frequency for a compliant policy.  If you want to poll the intervals, set this parameter to `10s`.

Author: ```suggestion
| Specifies the evaluation frequency for a compliant policy. If you want to enable the previous polling behavior, set this parameter to `10s`.
```

> | Specifies the evaluation frequency for a compliant policy. If you want to enable the previous polling behavior, set this parameter to `10s`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Specifies the evaluation frequency for a compliant policy. To enable the previous polling behavior, set this parameter to `10s`.
```

| `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant`
| Optional

> | Specifies the evaluation frequency for a non-compliant policy. If you want to poll the intervals, set this parameter to `10s`.

Author: ```suggestion
| Specifies the evaluation frequency for a non-compliant policy. If you want to enable the previous polling behavior, set this parameter to `10s`.
```

> | Specifies the evaluation frequency for a non-compliant policy. If you want to enable the previous polling behavior, set this parameter to `10s`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Specifies the evaluation frequency for a non-compliant policy. To enable the previous polling behavior, set this parameter to `10s`.
```
